Ao fix ibclink (#1313)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: hands-on-exercise/5-ibc-adv/2-relayer-intro.md

## FAQ

> Cosmos is developing fast, and minor changes can cause big problems for inexperienced users. Luckily you have the option to make direct contact with developers through the [Cosmos Developer Discord](https://discord.com/invite/cosmosnetwork). There you can find the forum **developers** dedicated to relayers in which you can ask for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cosmos is developing fast, and minor changes can cause big problems for inexperienced users. Luckily you have the option to make direct contact with developers through the [Cosmos Developer Discord](https://discord.com/invite/cosmosnetwork). There you can find the **developers** forum dedicated to relayers in which you can ask for help.
```

> Cosmos is developing fast, and minor changes can cause big problems for inexperienced users. Luckily you have the option to make direct contact with developers through the [Cosmos Developer Discord](https://discord.com/invite/cosmosnetwork). There you can find the **developers** forum dedicated to relayers in which you can ask for help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cosmos is developing fast, and minor changes can cause big problems for inexperienced users. Luckily you have the option to make direct contact with developers through the [Cosmos Developer Discord](https://discord.com/invite/cosmosnetwork). There you can find the **developers** forum and use the `run-infrastructure` tag in case you need help.
```
